# Getting Started

### System Requirements
Docker,
Node

### Install dependencies
npm install

### Running the API and Websocket Server

Full details of the API are available [on the docker hub page](https://hub.docker.com/r/sbgtechtest/api/). We would recommend running with `docker-compose up` so any logs from the API are visible in the terminal.

```bash
# running the basic image
docker run -it --rm --name sbg-tech-test-api -p 8888-8890:8888-8890 sbgtechtest/api:2.0.0

# running using docker compose
docker-compose up

# running using docker compose in the background
docker-compose up -d
```
### Start the application 
npm start

### Run tests
npm run test




# Technologies used in the app

1. React - I chose to code in a react based environment set up by create-react-app package to quickly build a ready-to-code webpack-driven project with most of configs set in place along with a handy dev server.
2. Redux - Due to the level of granularity I broke down to create reusable custome component, having a central state storage for transporting and applying data into components across the app can be more efficent as well as  manageable, and I can maintain a clean code base without bulky mechnisms to stream data linearly.
3. re-reselect - This package plays a critical role of caching value generated by a number of selector functions I use to sort and filter data from redux store and accordingly increase the performance of the app.
4. Material UI - I introduced this library into the repo to allow me to swiftly build beautiful and user friendly react components, and thanks to its css bundling mechanism I can write style rule sets right in component's file to save my time and avoid mistaks easily.
5. react-router-dom - Useful lightweight package to create routing logics for my custom page components. 
6. testing-library/react, react-test-renderer - I chose these two tools to perform unit testing and sanpshot on my custom components.

# Future work

In order to complete an MVP version of this task, there are some tasks I have not executed and could be enhancement for making this app more robust and functional.

The subscription feature could be added to keep this app up to date with the latest price and status of makets. What I would do is to send the subscribing calls to track those event, market and outcome that are presented in the current page by their id, and immediately update their values in redux store which can cause the components to re-render when values change.

The deffirence in layout of market is not considered in this build yet and could be realised by making some other custom components to serve the needs based on market type. 

Also from a testing's perspective, I would write up more test cases on react component to examine the outcome triggered by user's interaction such us clicking buttons, adding /removing selections etc. This enhancement can test our app from a user's point of view and reflect the user journey. 


